FEAT - update and make loki production grade and test it with k8s 1.25 (#135)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-logging: docs/releases/v3.1.0.md

# DRAFT Logging Core Module Release 3.1.0

> Welcome to the latest release of `logging` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution)
> maintained by team SIGHUP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the latest release of the `logging` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by team SIGHUP.
```

> This update includes new versions of various components, such as OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards,
> as well as bug fixes and changes, such as support for Kubernetes 1.25 and the introduction of a new Loki distributed package and minio-ha package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update includes new versions of various components, such as OpenSearch and OpenSearch Dashboards, as well as bug fixes and changes, such as support for Kubernetes 1.25 and the introduction of two new packages, Loki distributed and minio-ha.
```

|--------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `opensearch`             | [`v2.5.0`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/releases/tag/2.5.0)                        | `2.0.0`          |
| `opensearch-dashboards`  | [`v2.5.0`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/releases/tag/2.5.0)             | `2.0.0`          |
| `cerebro`                | [`v0.9.4`](https://github.com/lmenezes/cerebro/releases/tag/v0.9.4)                                    | `No update`      |
| `logging-operator`       | [`v3.17.10`](https://github.com/banzaicloud/logging-operator/releases/tag/3.17.10)                     | `3.17.7`         |
| `loki-distributed`       | [`v2.7.3`](https://github.com/grafana/loki/releases/tag/v2.7.3)                                        | `New package`    |
| `minio-ha`               | [`vRELEASE.2023-01-12T02-06-16Z`](https://github.com/minio/minio/tree/RELEASE.2023-01-12T02-06-16Z)    | `New package`    |

## Bug Fixes and Changes 🐛

> - Add support for Kubernetes 1.25.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for Kubernetes 1.25.
```
to be coherent with the other items' tense

- Introduced Loki distributed package ready for production use.
- Introduced minio-ha package to store errors from Fluentd, and as an S3 backend for Loki.

> - The Kubernetes ClusterFlow now exclude by default all the  infrastructural (KFD) logs and a new Infra ClusterFlow has been added to get all the infrastructural (KFD) logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Kubernetes ClusterFlow now exclude by default all the infrastructural (KFD) log, a new Infra ClusterFlow has been added to collect all the infrastructural (KFD) logs.
```
